# LiNAS
LiNAs is a simple step into Network Attached Storage, without regard to the latest round of re-branding.   This cloud re-branding of out data center tool suite is the latest and what follows is a craps shoot at best.  It seems those who live on buzz words within the network/data worlds far too often dictate the moniker of our brilliant integration work and services.   (true sometimes marketing types need to fix some of the real bad marketing ideas we engineers)   Engineers who are engineers should be at the helm or commanding the helm of our industry.
LiNAs came about after the latest rounds of Microsoft controlled system updates where our offices machines could no longer access or even see their longtime shares.  (how many businesses were, have, and will be crippled by this maneuver) The efforts we(admin type engineers) went through to get these Windoze 7,8, and 10 to share again was, is,  and will always be herculean.
LinNAS is simply a "Linux NAS" whose core purpose is to be always accessible by employing readily available technology.
Through various maps which we referred to "spider graphs", brilliantly written texts, and other illustrations, we hope to keep necessary information fresh in the minds of the engineers tasked with businesses running.  We view this as of paramount importance because various proprietary vendors are increasingly inserting their practices into all businesses business practices.
Phase one will be what I refer to as a lash-up where all technologies are employed from configurations established by our integration and test engineers to include various suggestions.  These configurations as established by various programs and scripts will be the "software/system release".   
Phase two will include live images and core installations within the release.  The release map will be shaped by engineers.   HooAhh.
Phase three isThrough various maps which we referred to "spider graphs", brilliantly written texts, and other illustrations, we hope to keep necessary information fresh in the minds of the engineers tasked with businesses running.  We view this as of paramount importance because various proprietary vendors are increasingly inserting their practices into all businesses business practices. . 
